The only remnant file for Savion_MAS would be the library file located on the repo. 
Everything else, including the source, has been lost over many years.

The original thread that started it all is located here: 
http://www.gamekiller.net/metal-assault-hack-releases/271590-rls-savion_mas-v0-3-updated-after-dec-16th-patch.html


Features:
Checks for updates every startup. //This means you will never be out of date after a minipatch, as I will update the trainer when I have time after a patch.
Shows plenty of information to satisfy your curiosity. //(Even provides you with some statistics on how well you are doing via KDRs.)
Information bar on the bottom left tells you what you are currently doing. //Helps remind you when you are alt tabbed.
Has a few helpful links in the "Help" menu. This includes checking for updates, viewing "about me" information, and quickly opening the GameKiller release thread.
Has a few hacks the public will enjoy..

Hacks include:
Character Teleportation (With hotkeys!):
In the public version, distance is limited to 50 units. You are able to pass through walls and fly to your hearts desire. If you get stuck on the bottom of the map, simply go to the side of the map and then all the way up again, or pass through a layer of map that has no walls. (Ie, dirt.) Hotkeys are Shift + WASD, as well as the Arrowkeys.
Pistol Rapid Fire:
With this feature, you are able to fire your pistol instantly. This does not include No reload or Unlimited Ammo, both of which are included in the VIP version. 
No Delay Switching:
With the new feature introduced into Metal Assault, you are no longer allowed to switch to any weapon besides your handgun if you shoot a Shotgun, Sniper or a Rocket. With this enabled, you can quickly switch to the handgun and then to any other weapon without having to follow that delay.
No Jump Delay (Fly):
A lot of people like this feature, as it is a easy to enable fly. Simply hold the Spacebar and you will fly into the air in a continuous jumping motion. If you want to fall straight down from the sky, feel free to do so. This includes a no fall damage hack.
No Base Cooldown: 
Ever get shot or run out of Ammo and you still can not replenish at the base? (Due to the Heart or Tank with the cross on it?)
With this hack enabled, you are able to replenish both your health and ammo without that cooldown. You can now stand at base and run and gun until your heart's content.
Cont. Glide (No Friction):
This will force your character to go into a gliding motion based on momentum. You are not allowed to jump with this enabled. It is just a random feature I decided to put in. Have some fun with it.  (This feature may crash if enabled too long. Beware!)

A few things I have left out of the public version that are in the VIP Version:

Godmode.
Unlimited Ammo.
One-Hit Kill Opponent. (Mission mode only.)
Infinite Flag HP (For all levels requiring someone to be saved / defended.)
Instant win certain co-op maps that require you to kill elements or objects.
Instantly cap flags.
No Grenade Cooldown ... and more!
